We've just built our password checker.
It's pretty cool right.
I guarantee you this is something that if you start talking about it during an interview the interviewer
is going to be pretty impressed because it does have some pretty advanced topics but hopefully this
whole process made sense and you now have a tool that works and that he can even check your passwords
to make sure that you're being secure online now.
A bit of a caution here that I want to note is that right now we're entering the passwords in the command
line.
I'm using something called a fish shell.
You may have different shells or programs running here that sometimes actually save these commands.
If you remember if I press an app I wrote here you see that I get my passwords back.
So somewhere on my computer this is being saved.
Maybe that's not super secure because somebody might have or acquire access to it.
So a good way to perhaps for you to improve this program is to read these passwords from a text file
instead of a command line argument.
But I'll leave that up to you because by now you should know how to do that the final thing I want to
do is just add over here at the bottom.
Since this should be our main module to just say if underscore underscore name equals main so only run
this file.
If it's the main file being run from the command line and not if it's being imported so in here if I
run this
this still works but we make sure that this file is only going to be run if it's the main file being
run.
Now another neat thing that you can do as well is you can also do sis dot exit to exit the process in
case.
Well in case for some reason this doesn't exit.
Just to make sure that the system call actually exit and brings us back to the command line.
So again if I save this there you go everything is still working.
The only difference that you'll see here is that we have the done being returned vs. over here where
it wasn't because we're exiting out of this file.
So this entire check my pass python file was run and at the end of it all.
What does this entire function this main function return.
Well it returns done so we exit the entire process and we get the return value of done.
There we go ladies and gentlemen.
We've completed our check my pass project.
Now I've told you this is my favorite project.
That doesn't mean that the rest of the projects are going to suck throughout the course.
I don't think they do.
I'm just saying this is a pretty cool one but I get excited about things like this anyway.
Share your work show this off to your parents your friends your family your employer and I'll see you
for the next one.
Debbie.